FEATURES AND FIXES

Bare Minimum To Sell Kitchener's Ice:

    Changes based on Jeremy's feedback
        Add
            Ice time rates subject to change.
            Base mandatory insurance rate is $5.40 +HST per hour.
            Base ice time rate is $236.73 +HST per hour.
            Total subject to change depending on activity at the discretion of the City of Kitchener.
        Edit
            Ice schedules are subject to change and Playogo does not guarantee that the timeslot is available until it is confirmed by the City of Kitchener.
            Once your booking request has been confirmed by the City of Kitchener, the price of the booking will be charged to your credit card.
            Your ice contract will be with the City of Kitchener.
            Refer to all terms and conditions of your contract with the City of Kitchener.
            Rescheduling an ice time must be done at least 3 business days before the scheduled date.
            Playogo is a non-affiliated third party, who simply makes it easier to find available ice time across a number of markets.
            There are no additional fees to book ice time through Playogo.
            Playogo will facilitate the booking of this ice time; however, any further communication must be done directly with the City of Kitchener.
            Kitchener will be confirming your booking shortly. Thank you for your patience.
            Your next step: Wait for Kitchener to follow up with you with a contract for signature.


    Change insurance 'per hour'

    Rework the 'about' page to have transparent language
        include a faq page

    Figure out why delete_all is working for waterloo but not kitchener
        which should I actually be using?
    Make BusinessHours belown to the venue model
        keep BusinessHours methods
        fix getBookable to trim avails according to the venue they belong to

    Test on windows browsers
    Test on samsung phones
    Test we can load data without deleting bookings

    Confirm with Jeremy
        How much is insurance on multiple hours?
        Number hours in advance
        Policies on site
        Any holidays to denote that are not currently?
        The card will be charged the new price of booking

    Push live
        Create playogosports@gmail.com stripe account and switch over system to that account
        put the how many business hours it will take into the policy section
        Put stripe non-test mode
        Change links (manager email) to website
        Set loading bit to false so we don't delete bookings
        Have a play about trying stripe payments to bookings
        Hide error reporting

    Need devel app
        get another stripe account for testing




Other Less Pressing Tasks
    error logging to model
    Auto fill address
    Make customer model in js -> take out attributes in controller
    'Playogo' as the email 'from' field
    Fix db lookups based on 'name' (should be id)
    Make managers have their own relation
    Put policies info database schema (currently hard coded)
    Make superclass for data input
        avails to database method in super class
    Test solution to Quarter hour problem
    /venues with no postal default
    ability to change postal code on /venues page
    Iphone font problem
    Make transactions atomic
    Make orange blocks look more clickable
    Avail start and endtime tooltip on hover
    Prices on avail schedule
    Check booking controller for checking prices and input parameters
        including that it is available
    Calendar doesn't close on second button click
    Municipal policies should be data from database
    Woolwich data input
    Centre Wellington data input
    Time range filter
    Better loading animation
    Styling of contact and about pages
    Make earliest opening and latest closing time be generated dynamically
    Dynamic way of having multiple pricing structures
    Refactor controller::renderAll so schedule and map concerns are separated
    

